ARROW-16065: [FlightRPC][Docs] Improve Flight documentation (#12815)
apache/arrow: docs/source/format/Flight.rst

   contains a subset of the response data.

   An endpoint contains a list of locations (server addresses) where
   this data can be retrieved from, and a ``Ticket``, an opaque binary
   token that the server will use to identify the data being
   requested. There is no ordering defined on endpoints or the data
   within, so if the dataset is sorted, applications should return
   data in a single endpoint.

   The response also contains other metadata, like the schema, and
   optionally an estimate of the dataset size.
#. Consume each endpoint returned by the server.

   To consume an endpoint, the client should connect to one of the
   locations in the endpoint, then call ``DoGet(Ticket)`` with the
   ticket in the endpoint. This will give the client a stream of Arrow
   record batches.

   If the server wishes to indicate that the data is on the local
   server and not a different location, then it can return an empty
   list of locations. The client can then reuse the existing
   connection to the original server to fetch data. Otherwise, the
   client must connect to one of the indicated locations.

   In this way, the locations inside an endpoint can also be thought

>    of as performing lookaside load balacing or service discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of as performing look-aside load balancing or service discovery
```
